README.md, before:

# _Co-Working Space_

#### _A mock up of a new co-working space coming to the Portland area._

#### By _**Brendan Shea**_

## Description

_This project is mock-up of a fictional co-working space that's coming to the Portland area. The project includes user stories, research, mock-ups in Sketch, prototyping in Sketch, and fully functioning website._

## User Stories

![alt text](img/user-story-1.jpg "Fictional user story #1.")
![alt text](img/user-story-2.jpg "Fictional user story #2.")
![alt text](img/user-story-3.jpg "Fictional user story #3.")

## Creative Research & Process

_In order to get a feel for the market and the types of companies that are offering co-working spaces, I looked into the following companies for inspiration and research:_

[The Encorepreneur Cafe](http://encorepreneurcafe.com/)
[TechSpace](https://www.techspace.com/)
[WeWork](https://www.wework.com/)
[Centrl Office](https://centrloffice.com/)

_Once I had a feel for the layouts and what users expected to find on a company's website, I began sketching up a *very* rough draft on what my site will look like:_

![alt text](img/sketched-ideas.jpg "Sketched mock-ups.")

Commit message:

Add sketched mock-ups for mobile and desktop to README.

README.md, after:

# _Co-Working Space_

#### _A mock up of a new co-working space coming to the Portland area._

#### By _**Brendan Shea**_

## Description

_This project is mock-up of a fictional co-working space that's coming to the Portland area. The project includes user stories, research, mock-ups in Sketch, prototyping in Sketch, and fully functioning website._

## User Stories

![alt text](img/user-story-1.jpg "Fictional user story #1.")
![alt text](img/user-story-2.jpg "Fictional user story #2.")
![alt text](img/user-story-3.jpg "Fictional user story #3.")

## Creative Research & Process

_In order to get a feel for the market and the types of companies that are offering co-working spaces, I reviewed the following websites for information and inspiration:_

* The Encorepreneur Cafe] - http://encorepreneurcafe.com/
* TechSpace - https://www.techspace.com/
* WeWork - https://www.wework.com/
* Centrl Office - https://centrloffice.com/
* Harvard Business Review - https://hbr.org/2015/05/why-people-thrive-in-coworking-spaces

_After reading through and reviewing those resources, I decided that my landing page should be more of a digital experience. I want the user to feel something when they open up the website. I want them to see themselves at this space and creating work that is meaningful to them._

_Once I had a feel for the layouts, I began sketching up a very rough draft on what my site will look like on both mobile and web:_

![alt text](img/mobile-sketch.jpg "Mobile sketch mock-up.")
![alt text](img/desktop-sketch.jpg "Desktop sketch mock-up.")
